//productivity
What accomplishments this quarter are you most proud of? 
Which goals did you meet? Which goals fell short?
What motivates you to get your job done?
What can I do to make your job more enjoyable?
What are your ideal working conditions to be the most productive?

//mental health and work satisfaction
1How can we make work more fun?
2What do you think customers say about our business?
3If you were the CEO, and could make all the decisions, what would you do and why?
4If you could change one thing about the way we do things here, what would it be and why?
5How would you want to be rewarded for good work?
6What don’t you like about my management style?
7What can I do to make your job better?
8What’s the biggest issue in your job?
9How can we make work more fun?

//work culture
 
how would you rate the work culture in your workplace?
1. How do you perceive your organization ?
The organization is a very personal place.  It is like an extended family.  People seem to share a lot of themselves
The organization is a very dynamic entrepreneurial place.  People are willing to stick their necks out and take risks.
The organization is very results oriented.  A major concern is with getting the job done.  People are very competitive and achievement oriented.
The organization is a very controlled and structured place.  Formal procedures generally govern what people do.

.what do you like the  whatmost about the workplace environment and what motivates you to come to work
*co-workers
*office ambience
*office employee policies and privileges
*

2. How do you perceive your superiors ?
The leadership in the organization is generally considered to exemplify mentoring, facilitating, or nurturing.
The leadership in the organization is generally considered to exemplify entrepreneurship, innovating, or risk taking.
The leadership in the organization is generally considered to exemplify a no-nonsense, aggressive, results-oriented focus.
The leadership in the organization is generally considered to exemplify coordinating, organizing, or smooth-running efficiency.

3. How would you describe your relationship with peers ?
The glue that holds the organization together is loyalty and mutual trust.  Commitment to this organization runs high.
The glue that holds the organization together is commitment to innovation and development.  There is an emphasis on being on the cutting edge.
The glue that holds the organization together is the emphasis on achievement and goal accomplishment.  Aggressiveness and winning are common themes.
The glue that holds the organization together is formal rules and policies.  Maintaining a smooth-running organization is important.

4. According to you what is considered a success in your organization ?
The organization defines success on the basis of the development of human resources, teamwork, employee commitment, and concern for people.
The organization defines success on the basis of having the most unique or newest products.  It is a product leader and innovator
The organization defines success on the basis of winning in the marketplace and outpacing the competition.  Competitive market leadership is key.
The organization defines success on the basis of efficiency.  Dependable delivery, smooth scheduling and low-cost production are critical.

6.according to you how can the company improve the work culture 
*increased transparency
*greater employee autonomy and flexibility
*provide employee perks
*

//Technical skills and training
which of th efollowing measures has the company taken to train employees and improve their technical skills
*organising regular technical workshops, seminars, especially for skill improvement in the latest technology
*training in soft-skills
*

according to you what is the role of the company in improving the technical skills of employees

//clarity ragarding roles and responsibilities

on a scale of 1 to 10, rate how clearly the roles and responsibilities of the employees have been divided

do you ever feel that your work performance has been affected because of the lack of clarity of in the allocation roles and respnsibilities?

//availability of software and hardware

on a scale of 1 to 10, rate the availability of hardware and software in the company 

are all the office systems maintained and updated regularly

suggest some hardware/software that will improve workplace productivity(subjective)

//facilities

on a scale of 1 to 10, rate the basic facilities in the workplace(restrooms, sickrooms, canteens, recreation, etc.)

how can the existing facilities be improved?(subjective)

what new faciliies do you think should be provided?

//women specific facility requirements

how sensitive do you think the workplace has been with respect to the special needs of women

in case you are a working mother, are you satisfied with  daycare facility of the company



















